and once again good afternoon with you evgeny
bugs and we continue to study with you
men to study complex everyday
situations i help you sort them out
through the answers to your questions send
me your questions i will help you
solve your problem will show you
where to go and what is next
matter how to follow my advice or
don't follow my advice anyway
after watching my videos you can
come to me for an individual
consultation
where can we screw your
personal situation that is
your personal problem on your front on
your personal front, whatever it was not
so strange and incomprehensible and no matter what
don't seem to worry
insoluble problems do not happen i
I guarantee that we will find solutions
either perfect or very good
which we will probably arrange the main thing
try
if you will just sit and wait for that
everything collapses by itself then this
most likely well, unlikely to happen
ok, and now we 'll figure it out
an interesting question for another question
who came from you Eugene as
get rid of the tail
past relationships from fears from tail
past relationships yes really what
very complicated when you had a relationship
they fell apart very long very hard
happens to switch to
normal life because constantly
very much you are emotionally attached to
what you had in your life
constantly you scroll in my head
moments constantly you try to understand
why did it turn out exactly like that
I had to do that is what
happens when you can't let go
your old relationship you are
brains are still in this relationship then
are you still something to someone
trying to prove that you are trying to
be
right in the past that is gone
passed already become history in
still trying to go back
and someone to prove something like that all
it is replay that is you try
invented to you this is already invented
the reality has passed already passed all its already
No, but you still represent him
yourself you create yourself a world of illusion and
this world of illusions you start to fight with
someone there to prove that
no you were about your really
really had to do as you
They said what to do in such a situation
in order for her own problem in
what's the problem is that as soon as
here while you sit in the past brains
while you are in this in this war in
old yes you can't move forward
you have blocked forward movement
accordingly you set yourself big
barriers of the way and we say to ourselves everything is ok oops
there is no future until I am with the old more than once
I try to mind the future will not be
indeed it is so future you do not
it will be this time until you figure it out
old to be motivation you must want
deal with the old necessarily
remember until you figure it out
old new you will have nothing like
do you still cut off this tail
do so that he no longer tormented
think about it so that you don’t
it was necessary to seek someone for something
prove you have to make one simple
thing you have to come to terms with that
happened you have to accept it you
must stop fighting this you
can not forget because you
keep fighting it you need
stop fighting and take this one
the situation that happened to you
adoption all
she happened the same part is important she already
really happened because she already
past you need to realize this and
calm down
that is, you need to stop altogether about
think about it all accept you live changed
now that's so new now ahead of you
horizons are opening
it happened it must forget just
forget
take it yes she already passed and now
look and what are we coming day
cook because ahead really
you have a huge huge amount
opportunities and various wonderful
situations in which you can wait
a huge pile of joy but you're stuck
don't give yourself these pleasures back
don't let them let your life in you
now after that situation have become much
smarter razdatok more legible and
now in new situations that will have
you ahead you will come much
more wisely at least should
proceed much more wisely therefore
boldly as if
cut that tail to scrap it and
forward new features and start
work with new features than before
you start a new business to a new
life to the events of the coming day , the easier
you will
chop off that tail and forget about the old
studies need to do something very
interesting ideally you need to fall in love
this is generally the ideal case here
fall in love occupy yourself with something very
strongly and your pastor's tail will leave as
only you stop thinking about him
just stop noticing it just
forget about him he will disappear immediately
understand stop giving them
The value here is my advice to you
if you like the video put Like
subscribe to my channel and for yutuber
and
please send your problems
send your questions will them
I will advise you to disassemble
anything but at the end of this video you
waiting for my free book of 10 errors
women relationships download and
please free and
waiting for you information how you
can come to me by skype through
the internet is not alive since come to
me for free
a small consultation where I
I will help you
your personal problem your relationship is not
worry and unsolvable situation not
come come we will work with you
was Eugene the luck bugs